a few months ago I checked out the lap
dog and turret Corsairs and razors
respectively solutions to the supremely
first world problem of not being able to
have an optimal keyboard mouse gaming
experience on the big-screen TV from the
couch tragic I know anyway
the conclusion of that video was that my
ideal solution probably lies somewhere
in between the usability and ergonomic
compromises of the small sexy but
cramped turret and the lap dog whose
size makes it more like having a Great
Dane stretched across my thighs than any
miniature canine that I've ever
encountered and I guess rocket was
watching that video going but tech
lioness that's basically our product
because they reached out almost
immediately after that one went live
asking me to take a look at the Sylva Mk
so let's see then if it solves the
problems that I've had with other lap
board solutions
cooller masters master case maker five
features they're freeform modular system
allowing you to customize adjust and
upgrade make it yours at the link in the
video description we'll begin with the
physical tour the bottom of the Silva
has for removable cushions they're
pretty thin but they work well enough so
I don't think I would try to 3d print
replacements for them but being able to
clean them is still a bonus also down
here is a single proprietary breakaway
USB connection with a four meter lead
and a couple of USB ports for other
peripherals mouse and a headset come to
mind flipping the unit over about 40% of
the top is taken up by a 275 by 240
millimeter hard plastic composite
mousepad another 40% is taken up by the
84 key TTC Brown mechanical keyboard and
the last 20% or so is taken up by what
might look to razor in Corsair like
wasted space but what ended up being the
difference maker for me an ample wrist
rest that let me use the silva MK
comfortably for up to three hours at a
time
compare that to 10 to 30 minutes on the
other two and okay yes I know you're not
supposed to rest your wrists while you
type on a keyboard but do you honestly
type like this I mean okay let's say you
do do you game like that
get real while on the surface the Silva
is quite similar to other lap boards and
to Corsairs offering in particular for
an ergonomic product the devil is in the
details and the wrist rest is just the
tip of the iceberg for me the next big
one is the inclusion of a 10 keyless
rather than a full width keyboard I mean
sure you don't have a number pad for tax
accountant simulator or whatever but it
definitely solves more problems than it
creates one unless you're the Incredible
Hulk
it brings your hands closer together for
a more natural posture - it makes typing
much more comfortable and more accurate
since the homerun
is somewhat directly in front of you
three it not only fits on my couch so I
don't have to sit on the crack between
the cushions but it allows a lady friend
to sit on the couch with me while I game
without looking like she has some kind
of a restraining order and for when your
lady friend wants to use the couch for
something other than gaming it's smaller
dimensions make it easier to stow away
and there are more little details Roque
adopted for two plugs on the PC side
rather than a wall powered hub this does
lower the combined power draw limit for
all the connected devices versus the lap
dog but along with that breakaway cable
it makes setup and teardown faster and
easier improving wife appeal the wrist
rest and mousepad are theoretically
replaceable which is cool but I haven't
seen anything actually available yet and
the rail system along the top promises
3d printable accessories like cell phone
holders and the included wire management
system is really clever
it holds the cable as well as Corsair
system but does it without tools so you
won't be tearing your hair out looking
for an Allen wrench if a buddy needs to
borrow your extra mouse the keyboard
also continuing with things that are
good feel surprisingly good and key to
key consistency was surprisingly strong
considering that they're using a Cherry
MX brown clone from a company that I
actually hadn't even heard of before ttc
I'm not personally sold on the tactile
bump on the W key but it's a minor issue
considering that the layout is otherwise
very good considering how little space
they had to work with the arrows are
correctly spaced and easy to land mark -
thanks to their edge position the media
keys are a must for couch use and I
think that every keyboard should require
a modifier to turn on the caps lock
thumbs up there so then if it wasn't
clear already I like this product and I
think it's the best in the category so
far but that doesn't make it perfect
Mouse drift when you take your hand off
of it is still a pretty annoying issue
though I don't know how they would
resolve this without creating a special
Mouse with some grip on the bottom like
Razer did but personally if given the
choice I would prefer to be able to use
my
mouse with it so I don't have a solution
and there's nothing that rocket can do
to fix the bigger issues with couch
gaming like poor UI scaling and games
that weren't designed to be played from
10 plus feet away but if you're willing
to deal with those things and you're
willing to pay for it
I think the Silva should be 20 to 30
dollars cheaper than a lap dog and 10
kilos keyboard not more expensive thanks
to lower switch costs and cheaper
materials once they offset the
development cost of a custom keyboard
for it the Silva is the best couch
gaming experience yet ting is the mobile
carrier that is focused on customer
service and customer satisfaction first
you never have to speak to a robot you
get put through directly to a person
which is worth its weight in gold but
you pay only for what you use so none of
that gold bit
the average ting bill is only $23 per
month per device if you're stuck in a
contract and switched to ting they will
cover 25% of your cancellation fee up to
$75 they are now lowering mobile data
rates across the board data is now just
$10 per gigabyte beyond the first
gigabyte every single ting customer will
be able to reap the benefits of this new
change so head over to Linus ENCOM and
try out their savings calculator to see
how much you can save with them also
when you sign up at our link you'll get
$25 in service credit or $25 towards a
new device so thanks for watching guys
that this video sucked you know what to
do but if it was awesome get subscribed
hit that like button or check out the
link to where to buy the stuff we
featured at Amazon in the video
description also linked in the
description is our merch store which has
cool shirts like this one and our
community forum which you should totally
join now that you're done doing all that
stuff you're probably wondering what to
watch next so click that little button
in the top right corner to check out the
video that I made on the Corsair lapdog
and the rocket rocket razor turret